.TH NSRLSVR 1 "October 27, 2016" "1.6.1"
.SH NAME
nsrlsvr - server yielding hashes from NIST's NSRL RDS
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B nsrlsvr
[\fB\-h\fR,\fB\-\-help\fR]
[\fB\-v\fR,\fB\-\-version\fR]
[\fB\-\-bug\-report\fR]
[\fB\-\-dry\-run\fR]
[\fB\-f\fR,\fB\-\-file\fR \fIFILE\fR]
[\fB\-p\fR,\fB\-\-port\fR \fIPORT\fr]
.SH DESCRIPTION
nsrlsvr provides a daemon that services queries from clients requesting
information about whether certain hash values are present in the NIST
National Software Reference Laboratory Reference Data Set (NSRL RDS).
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Help about running nsrlsvr
.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-version
Show version information
.TP
.BR \-\-bug\-report
Get the URL for nsrlsvr's bug tracker
.TP
.BR \-\-dry\-run
Attempt to stand up the server, but stop before servicing any requests.
This also redirects error messages, which would have gone to syslog, to
standard error.  This option is occasionally useful for debugging.
.TP
.BR \-f ", " \-\-file " " \fIFILE\fR
Use \fIFILE\fR instead of the compiled-in default (which can be discovered
by running \fB\-\-help\fR)
.TP
.BR \-p ", " \-\-port " " \fIPORT\fR
Use \fIPORT\fR instead of the compiled-in default (normally 9120)
.SH NOTES
Installing this package \fBdoes not\fR install the associated database!
.PP
NIST releases updates to the NSRL RDS on a regular schedule.  nsrlsvr is
not updated on a regular schedule.  You must download the latest minimal
NSRL RDS from http://www.nsrl.nist.gov/Downloads.htm#reduced, uncompress
it, and run the \fBnsrlupdate\fR script on the output.  This will create
the necessary database.
.PP
To support the full NSRL RDS requires a lot of memory.  Although it will
run on a 4Gb system, the results may be unsatisfactory.  A 64-bit OS with
at least 8Gb of RAM is recommended.
.SH BUGS
None known.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR nsrllookup (1)
.PP
.BR nsrlupdate (1)
.SH AUTHOR
Robert J. Hansen <rob@hansen.engineering>
